Title,Abstract
Decentralizing privacy: Using blockchain to protect personal data,"… blockchain and offblockchain storage to construct a personal data management platform focused on privacy. 2) … Note that the same system could be used for other dataprivacy concerns, …"
Invisible Ink: blockchain for data privacy,… -to- peer network that uses blockchain technology and off-blockchain storage to securely distribute sensitive data in a decentralized manner using a custom blockchain protocol. Our two …
Healthcare data gateways: found healthcare intelligence on blockchain with novel privacy risk control,"… Data Gateway (HGD)) architecture based on blockchain to enable patient to own, control and share their own data easily and securely without violating privacy, … patient data private. Our …"
"Blockchain and health IT: algorithms, privacy, and data",
"Blockchain enhances privacy, security and conveyance of data",
Blockchain and Big Data Privacy in Healthcare,
"Blockchain technology and the GDPR–How to reconcile privacy and distributed ledgers? European Data Protection Law Review, 2 (3): 422–426",
Provchain: A blockchain-based data provenance architecture in cloud environment with enhanced privacy and availability,"… and privacy. In this paper, we propose a decentralized and trusted cloud data provenance architecture using blockchain … In this paper, we present ProvChain, a blockchain based data …"
Medibchain: A blockchain based privacy preserving platform for healthcare data,… centric healthcare data management system by using Blockchain as storage to attain privacy. Pseudonymity is ensured by using the cryptographic functions to protect patient’s data. …
A blockchain-based data usage auditing architecture with enhanced privacy and availability,"… blockchain-based platform for data usage auditing while preserving users’ privacy and ensuring continuous data … First, relying on a blockchain infrastructure, we provide a trusted and …"
Blockchain: Solving the privacy and research availability tradeoff for EHR data: A new disruptive technology in health data management,"… data records, (2) a peer-to-peer network containing identical exemplars of the blockchain data structure, (3) a consensus mechanism securing the synchronized growth of the blockchain…"
"The effect of a blockchain-supported, privacy-preserving system on disclosure of personal data",… The relatively new blockchain technology seems to be not yet well-known: 82.1% of the participants have never heard about blockchain technology in the context of data privacy. …
Blockchain: solving the privacy and research availability tradeoff for EHR data,
The first workshop on blockchain & eHealth: towards provable privacy & security in data intensive health research,"… We need to study the scalability of blockchain in multijurisdictional health research. Finally, … data, and complexity of applicable privacy policies, the governance of private blockchain …"
Privacy preserving data certification in the Internet of Things: Leveraging blockchain technology to secure sensor data,Privacy preserving data certification in the Internet of Things: Leveraging blockchain technology to secure sensor data - Research Collection … Privacy preserving data …
The social benefits of blockchain for health data: Securing patient privacy & control,
Blockchain: solving the privacy and research availability tradeoff for EHR data,
"Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology",
The Social Benefits of Blockchain for Health Data: Securing Patient Privacy and Control,
"MediBchain: A Blockchain Based Privacy Preserving Platform for Healthcare Data.[In:] Security, Privacy, and Anonymity in Computation, Communication …",
"Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology: ESORICS 2017 International Workshops, DPM 2017 and CBT 2017, Oslo …",
"Privacy, Data Protection and the Internet of Things: How Blockchain can potentially alleviate the privacy risks posed by CIoT devices.","Privacy, Data Protection and the Internet of Things: How Blockchain can potentially alleviate the privacy risks posed by CIoT devices. … Privacy policy … Privacy policy …"
Blockchain: A panacea for healthcare cloud-based data security and privacy?,"… of off-chain storage of data, where data is kept outside of blockchain in a conventional or a … data are stored in the blockchain. This is said to be the best of both worlds, as healthcare data …"
Towards secure and privacy-preserving data sharing in e-health systems via consortium blockchain,… We propose a framework for blockchain based PHI sharing with security and privacy preservation for diagnosis improvements in e-Health system. Two blockchains are introduced. The …
BPDS: A blockchain based privacy-preserving data sharing for electronic medical records,"… Aiming at data security and patients’ privacy issues in healthcare, we adopt consortium blockchain … In fact, protecting data privacy from the perspective of data itself is simpler and more …"
Blockchain-based efficient privacy preserving and data sharing scheme of content-centric network in 5G,
Scalable and privacy-preserving data sharing based on blockchain,"… 2) We propose a new method to protect multi-party data privacy in blockchain. In this new method, the (p, t)-threshold Paillier cryptosystem is applied to the blockchain. The private key …"
Privacy by blockchain design: a blockchain-enabled GDPR-compliant approach for handling personal data,… focusing on the data subject’s consent in a blockchain-enabled … some general thoughts on why blockchain is an important … transparency and privacy under which personal data could be …
Blockchain and privacy protection in the case of the european general data protection regulation (GDPR): a delphi study,… active dialogue between blockchain developers and regulatory … With the support of this work and the blockchain Privacy … a data controller or deleting personal data within a blockchain. …
Towards a privacy-preserving way of vehicle data sharing–a case for blockchain technology?,"… work and background for Blockchain technology in the … data sharing ecosystem, the underlying privacy challenge and propose possible privacy setting schemes protecting the privacy of …"
i-Blockchain: A blockchain-empowered individual-centric framework for privacy-preserved use of personal health data,… using an individual-centric framework for the utilization of personal health data based on an extension of a permissioned blockchain in this study. The basic architecture is shown in Fig. …
Blockchain for student data privacy and consent,"… Blockchain technology represents a promising approach for … , allowing a public school data administrator the ability to grant … for data access rights relying on smart contracts. These …"
An approach to data privacy in smart home using blockchain technology,"… an approach to data privacy using blockchain technology for … Section II presents research related to blockchain technology … apply blockchain technology into the IoT, IoTBlockchain …"
Automated remote patient monitoring: Data sharing and privacy using blockchain,"… The solution for data privacy and security could very well be Blockchain … two blockchain based protocols, private blockchain where we perform all experiment with patient health data …"
Privacy protection mechanism for blockchain transaction data,"… and other privacy information from this data by applying big data analysis techniques. … data analysis on blockchain transaction data was analyzed, and the attack methods based on data …"
Towards an end-to-end IoT data privacy-preserving framework using blockchain technology,"… privacy, a rigorous privacy model that preserves data privacy while maintaining utility in our framework. In fact, by adding some noise to the transactions, we can prevent blockchain …"
Leveraging blockchain to enhance data privacy in IoT-based applications,… how blockchain can be leveraged to tackle data privacy … full control over their data and can track how data are accessed by … using blockchain that helps prevent fraudulent data caused …
"Protecting infrastructure data via enhanced access control, blockchain and differential privacy",… blockchain and differential privacy to provide strong data protection for critical infrastructure assets and reduce data privacy … access and differential privacy strategies based on user …
A reliable data provenance and privacy preservation architecture for business-driven cyber-physical systems using blockchain,"… privacy preservation issues in these domains. Specifically, we focus on business-driven situations and adopt blockchain … domain) provenance and privacy preserving user interface (in …"
Blockchain-GDPR Privacy by Design How Decentralized Blockchain Internet will Comply with GDPR Data Privacy,
"Blockchain: a panacea for healthcare cloud-based data security and privacy? IEEE Cloud Computing, 5 (1), 31–37",
Nudging data privacy management of open banking based on blockchain,… still poses some problems that cannot fully meet the data protection … blockchain-based data privacy management framework. The framework consists of three components: a data privacy …
A privacy-preserving system for data ownership using blockchain and distributed databases,… We introduce a system that restores a weak notion of data ownership by leveraging new blockchain technologies like decentralized and distributed ledgers and databases. Data …
"Blockchain: A Panacea for Healthcare Cloud-Based Data Security and Privacy? IEEE Cloud Comput. 5 (1), 31–37 (2018)",
Building trust & protecting privacy: analyzing evidentiary quality in a blockchain proof-of-concept for health research data consent management,… The solution team broadly sought to evaluate the use of blockchain … data and understand how blockchain technology would help provide participants with control over their data. In some …
"Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology",
“Blockchain-based ai voice assistant brings data privacy to smart homes,
Blockchain Meets Data Privacy (Part 1) Blockchain And The Data Controller,
Major Blockchain Group Says Europe Should Exempt Bitcoin from New Data Privacy Rule,
Privacy by blockchain design: A blockchain-enabled GDPR-compliant approach for handling personal data,OPUS 4 | Privacy by BlockChain Design: A BlockChain-enabled GDPR-compliant Approach for Handling Personal Data … Privacy by BlockChain Design: A BlockChain-enabled GDPR-compliant …
A blockchain-based data usage auditing architecture with enhanced privacy and availability To cite this version Availability,
Data privacy considerations for Blockchain technology,
Why zk-SNARKs are crucial for Blockchain data privacy,
"Blockchain: a panacea for healthcare cloud-based data security and privacy? IEEE Cloud Comput. 5, 31–37 (2018)",
Blockchain-Based Data Sharing and Decentralizing Privacy,
Blockchain meets Data Privacy (Part 1),… to blockchain-based data processing. Part one deals with the question of determining the data controller in blockchain systems because numerous responsibilities rest upon the data …
The Applicability of Blockchain in Indonesia Based on Indonesian Data Privacy Regulation,"… when blockchain cannot meet the requirements of personal data … of blockchain in Indonesia based on data privacy law in … establish a privacy data protection framework on blockchain, …"
Data Privacy Management Using Privacy Compliant Blockchain Structures,"… ontology and integrated it with the properties of blockchain, to develop an automated access… data privacy policies when sharing their data across third parties. Our blockchain based data…"
Blockchain-based approach for tracking the state of client's personal information for data transparency and accountability in relation with Data Privacy Act of 2012 …,"… paper to use a blockchain-based approach to support data transparency and accountability in … The blockchain-based approach ensures immutability, hence increasing the data integrity. …"
Hybrid blockchain for data sharing privacy,"… We believe that blockchain-based networks are the ultimate solution for solving the mentioned privacy … became popular, we present various solutions that aim to ensure data privacy. …"
Application Possibilities of Blockchain Technology in Banking Sector in terms of Data Security and Privacy,"… possibilities of blockchain in banking industry that further enhance privacy and data security … for use case, a bank that embraces blockchain in its early development by issuing 100.000…"
Implementing decentralized storage using blockchain to address data ownership and privacy concerns,… data storage based on blockchain and also including proof-of-work that ensures users themselves own and control their data without compromise of security and privacy. … data privacy …
Survey on Blockchain Based Privacy Preserving Digital Ledger for Medical Data sharing,… what makes blockchain made so popular and inevitable technology and how blockchain made … Finally detailed study current blockchain technologies and how blockchain become the …
Blockchain and federated learning for privacy-preserved data sharing in industrial IoT,"… 3) We integrate differential privacy into federated learning to further protect data privacy. We also evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed model with benchmark, open real-world …"
Privacy-preserving support vector machine training over blockchain-based encrypted IoT data in smart cities,"… secureSVM, which is a privacy-preserving SVM training scheme over blockchain-based … IoT data. We utilize the blockchain techniques to build a secure and reliable data sharing …"
Privacy-friendly platform for healthcare data in cloud based on blockchain environment,"… overall privacy of patient centric systems. In this paper, we present a patient centric … data management system using blockchain technology as storage which helps to attain privacy…"
Healthchain: A blockchain-based privacy preserving scheme for large-scale health data,"… lose control of their health data, which can easily result in privacy leakage and single-point … health data privacy preserving scheme based on blockchain technology, where health data …"
Blockchain for the IoT: privacy-preserving protection of sensor data,"… sensor data integrity while guaranteeing sufficient user privacy. In … Blockchain technology cannot assure data privacy per se, so privacy must be implemented on top of the blockchain …"
Medical data management on blockchain with privacy,"… we think its privacy is weak. In this paper, the encrypted data is stored in a blockchain and is … embedded, which balances the integrity, availability and privacy properties of medical data. …"
Homomorphic consortium blockchain for smart home system sensitive data privacy preserving,"… the privacy of users. In this paper, we propose a homomorphic consortium blockchain for SHS sensitive data privacy … , we propose a new block data structure based on homomorphic …"
Privacy-preserving and efficient multi-keyword search over encrypted data on blockchain,"… In this paper, we propose a blockchain-based data management system with functions of privacy-preserving and efficient database setup, dynamic update and multi-keyword search. …"
Data storage mechanism based on blockchain with privacy protection in wireless body area network,"… The privacy and security of data storage in WBAN devices cannot meet the needs of WBAN … adopts blockchain technology to store data, which improves the security of the collected data…"
Privacy-aware blockchain for personal data sharing and tracking,"… data sharing, deleting, modifying and tracking features to verify the privacy of proposed blockchain … It allows data privacy tracking of the internet of things (IoT) apparatus. However, the …"
Blockchain-based security solutions to preserve data privacy and integrity,"The emerging blockchain technology helps in the decentralization of transactions, where … , transactional data which is stored and validated is also increasing. The blockchain technology …"
Data sharing and privacy for patient iot devices using blockchain,"… However, there are a number of limitations underpinning the use of blockchain, which limits … blockchain protocol called GHOSTDAG in both a public blockchain and a private blockchain…"
Edge AI and blockchain for privacy-critical and data-sensitive applications,"… In privacy-critical systems, the appearance of new vulnerabilities is more significant. To … an Ethereum Blockchain based architecture with edge artificial intelligence to analyze data at the …"
Blockchain: a research framework for data security and privacy,"… theme called ‘blockchain data security and privacy’, and … such as ‘blockchain (security) applications’, ‘blockchain (security) … , a blockchain-based architecture for preserving data privacy, …"
Blockchain-based approach for e-health data access management with privacy protection,"… many blockchain based software solutions within a wide range of domains. In this paper we present a system design where blockchain … In order to protect confidential data, our solution …"
User-controlled privacy-preserving user profile data sharing based on blockchain,"… for data sharing and management have privacy and … blockchain in user modeling. In this paper, we constructed a decentralized data sharing architecture with MultiChain blockchain in …"
Personal data broker instead of blockchain for students' data privacy assurance,"… of Blockchain related to the privacy and data security … the Blockchain a suitable technology to ensure data privacy … motivated by the upward trend of Blockchain’s use, advocate …"
Verifiable search meets blockchain: A privacy-preserving framework for outsourced encrypted data,"… data users can query from the cloud and obtain desired results, which ensures the data privacy … operation inherently performed in the blockchain, we use blockchain to store the index, …"
Blockchain technology: Data privacy issues and potential mitigation strategies,
Blockchain based Dynamic Patient Consent: A Privacy-Preserving Data Acquisition Architecture for Clinical Data Analytics.,"… privacy-preserving data sharing on distributed and decentralized environments. Therefore, to cater the requirement of privacy-preserving data acquisition for clinical data … blockchain …"
Privacy-preserving statistical analysis of health data using paillier homomorphic encryption and permissioned blockchain,"… data. We aimed to increase the accuracy of data analysis protocols while preserving the privacy of patients… To achieve this goal, we leveraged the blockchain technology and the Paillier …"
Privacy in the Internet of Things: A Study to Protect User's Data in LPR Systems Using Blockchain,"… architecture that uses blockchain technology to guarantee the privacy of data captured by LPR … to users is performed through a blockchain. To ensure data privacy and user identity, the …"
Blockchain enabled privacy preserving data audit,… blockchain based privacy preserving audit protocol which is resilient even when any two out of the data … We used state channels to minimize blockchain commits thereby improving …
Medical Blockchain of Privacy Data Sharing Model Based on Ring Signature,
Privacy preserving government data sharing based on hyperledger blockchain,"… of privacy disclosure in government data sharing, this paper attempts to start with the implementation mechanism of blockchain… These bills emphasize that data privacy is a basic right …"
BlockChain data privacy protection mechanism based on searchable encryption,
PrivySharing: a blockchain-based framework for integrity and privacy-preserving data sharing in smart cities,"… for integrity and privacy-preserving IoT data sharing in a smart … The data privacy is preserved by dividing the blockchain … of data such as health, smart car, smart energy or financial data…"
"Toward secure, privacy-preserving, and interoperable medical data sharing via blockchain","… In addition, we devise a data privacy classification policy to differentiate multiple portions of a patient’s medical records to enforce privacy protection. • We use Ethereum blockchain to …"
Privacy-preserving blockchain based federated learning with differential data sharing,"… world where data is becoming one of the most valuable assets, robust data privacy policies … an even bigger necessity to secure sensitive user data. In due course with the ever-evolving …"
Privacy protection of occupant behavior data and using blockchain for securely transferring temperature records in HVAC systems,"… privacy issue when using occupant behavior data, and methods to protect data privacy with blockchain … Both two options of using blockchain for privacy protection, sending data records …"
"Privacy-preserving support vector machine training over blockchain-based encrypted IoT data in smart cities. IEEE Internet Things J. 6, 7702–7712 (2019)",
Transparent Cloud Privacy: Data Provenance Expression in Blockchain.,… data provenance. This paper examines the W3C recommendation for data provenance PROV and if the blockchain … required to satisfy data provenance. The research shows that not all …
Blockchain data privacy protection mechanism based on searchable encryption [J],
"Healthchain: a blockchain-based privacy preserving scheme for large-scale health data. IEEE Internet Things J. 6 (5), 8770–8781 (2019)",
A Survey on Privacy Concerns in Blockchain Applications and Current Blockchain Solutions to Preserve Data Privacy,… applications and various solutions for privacy preserving methods for blockchain. Our … of various privacy preserving methods for blockchain that assists in protecting data privacy. This …
Data Sharing and Privacy–Preserving of Medical Records Using Blockchain,"… of blockchain and to understand how blockchain … with privacy assurance in cloud computing and data dependent on advanced assent models, blockchain identity, and blockchain audit. …"
GDPR & Blockchain: At the intersection of data privacy and technology,
Blockchain as an efficient and alternative mechanism for strengthening and securing the privacy of healthcare patient and clinical research data,"… • Showcase blockchain as an efficient, alternative method to secure/strengthen the privacy of healthcare & clinical research data, reviewing quantitative data points and analysing the …"
Blockchain and FL for privacy preserved data sharing in industrial internet of things,
"Privacy-preserving support vector machine training over blockchain-based encrypted iot data in smart cities. IEEE Internet Things J. PP (c), 1 (2019)",
"Privacy-aware blockchain for personal data sharing and tracking,​ Open Computer Science, 9 (1)",
"Privacy-aware blockchain for personal data sharing and tracking. Open Comput. Sci. 9, 80–91 (2019)",
Blockchain-based Intelligent Hospital Security and Data Privacy Construction,"… Blockchain technology may solve the above problems to some extent, so we can introduce … data and store it by using blockchain technology to build a decentralized and trustworthy data …"
Privacy-friendly Blockchain Based Data Trading and Tracking,"… high risk of data privacy, the easy-to-copy feature of data, and … a privacy-friendly blockchain and smart contract based data … Our framework keeps tamper-proof records of data trading …"
Research on a Data Desensitization Algorithm of Blockchain Distributed Energy Transaction Based on Differential Privacy,… processing before the data is stored in chains can make data be a … blockchain and support reducing financial risk of transactions for all parties. Data desensitization is also a data privacy …
Fraud Detection in Medical Insurance Claim with Privacy Preserving Data Publishing in TLS-N Using Blockchain,"… Data privacy must be given utmost importance while we handle medical insurance scenarios, TLS-N with privacy preserving data publishing schemes facilitates privacy and mitigates …"
Blockchain for strengthening the privacy of healthcare data,"… place; a decentralized connected architecture called blockchain. This concept can solve the … transparent, secure method to share data and protect patient privacy. The aim of this article …"
"Distributed Mobility Data Management, Privacy, and Cyber-Security Using Blockchain Technology","… shady companies share people's mobility data to unwanted third parties. A blockchain framework for Smart Mobility Data is presented for addressing the privacy, security, management, …"
Training Encrypted Models with Privacy-preserved Data on Blockchain,"… Blockchain has the advantage of decentralization and immutability for transactions. Therefore, we believe that Blockchain … of messages among all nodes on Blockchain. It constructs an …"
"Extending Atomic Chain Swaps. ESORICS 2019, Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology",
Healthcare System using Pegged Blockchain considering Scalability and Data Privacy,"… where data … the data they shared and by implementing the same concept on Healthcare system, we will be able to protect user data privacy from the third party that handles their data, in …"
"Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology","… exchange on areas related to the management of privacy-sensitive information. This is a very … -level privacy policies, administration of sensitive identifiers, data integration and privacy …"
Proof-of-Useful-Work as Dual-Purpose Mechanism for Blockchain and AI: Blockchain Consensus that Enables Privacy Preserving Data Mining,"… Data privacy is achieved with a geometric data perturbation, a perturbation method that preserves privacy … This work addresses two key challenges for blockchain consensus schemes …"
Exploring Individual Intent towards Blockchain Technology in Response to Threats to Personal Data and Privacy,"… that feature anonymity and data integrity. This study is … towards blockchain technology, in response to privacy threats. … towards privacy-enhancing technologies such as blockchain. …"
Privacy Revisited: The Impact of Blockchain Technology on the Disclosure of Personal Data,"… perceive the privacy impact of blockchain technology and how … blockchain technology, the privacy paradox and the privacy … as trust, self-efficacy and privacy control. Taken together this …"
"Blockchain: A Safe, Efficient Solution for Driver Privacy and Connected Vehicle Transportation Data Sharing","… and privacy. This study investigates the potential for Blockchain to support safer delivery of CAV data. … , it demonstrates how Blockchain can improve the level of security and privacy of …"
Incentive-Compatible and Privacy-Preserving Data Analytics System enabled by Blockchain and Multiparty Computation,"… Among the others, being the blockchain a public and shared ledger, it doesn't offer privacy of data… In this work, the blockchain is integrated with Secure Multi-Party Computation (MPC), a …"
"Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology",
… Improve Public Procurement in Ukraine: The Interaction Between an Increase of Data Transparency and a Preservation of Data Privacy Through the Prism …,
Privacy-Preserving Data Sharing on Multi-Layer Blockchain: Case Study on Healthcare,
PrivySharing: A blockchain-based framework for privacy-preserving and secure data sharing in smart cities,"… The data privacy is preserved by dividing the blockchain network into various channels, … data such as health, smart car, smart energy or financial details. Moreover, access to users’ data …"
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems,"… resists the leaking of data privacy caused by the un-trusted third party. We employ the blockchain technology to construct the model, then, the auditor queries the proof of the data for an …"
Blockchain-based data privacy management with nudge theory in open banking,"… of financial data privacy protection. In order to address the existing problems, this paper proposes a new data privacy management framework based on the blockchain technology for …"
Privacy preserving blockchain technique to achieve secure and reliable sharing of IoT data,"… Then, ECC is used to create effective and accurate privacy … blockchain technique to create a secure and reliable data exchange platform across multiple data providers, where IoT data …"
Security and privacy of UAV data using blockchain technology,"… data privacy, data preservation in IoT Devices, UAVs, and Drone applications using blockchain … to achieve the desired security and privacy in data maintenance. The highlights of the …"
Toward blockchain-enabled privacy-preserving data transmission in cluster-based vehicular networks,"… security and privacy of these messages must be preserved. Therefore, this paper introduces an efficient privacy-preserving data transmission architecture that makes use of blockchain …"
A blockchain-based scheme for privacy-preserving and secure sharing of medical data,"… exponential increase of medical data. In this paper, a blockchain-based privacy-preserving scheme is proposed, which realizes secure sharing of medical data between several entities …"
Achieving privacy-preserving and verifiable data sharing in vehicular fog with blockchain,"… In this paper, we propose a blockchain-based privacypreserving vehicular sensory data collection and sharing scheme. By exploiting the 2-DNF cryptosystem and an identity-based …"
SOChain: a privacy-preserving DDoS data exchange service over SOC consortium blockchain,"… DDoS data. In this article, we propose a decentralized DDoS data exchange platform, namely SOChain, using blockchain … deployed onto the blockchain system. To address the issue of …"
A blockchain-assisted intelligent transportation system promoting data services with privacy protection,"… ITS architecture by using blockchain technology solving the privacy protection and security … terms of data privacy and security in ITS infrastructure networks, the blockchain technology …"
Enhancing privacy and data security across healthcare applications using blockchain and distributed ledger concepts,"… blockchain-based digital platforms allow for fast, easy, and seamless interactions between data suppliers to enhance privacy and data … The author developed a blockchain for privacy …"
Decentralized privacy-preserving data aggregation scheme for smart grid based on blockchain,… privacy-preserving data aggregation (DPPDA) scheme for smart grid based on blockchain. In … center and the trusted third party while protecting the data privacy of the user’s smart meter. …
Data encryption based blockchain and privacy preserving mechanisms towards big data,"… Aiming at data encryption mechanism, we discuss existing anonymity and privacy protection schemes. Our discussion can further promote the development of Blockchain. …"
Blockchain-based data storage with privacy and authentication in internet-of-things,… blockchain technology has presented for privacy preserving and immutability of vehicles in Vehicular Adhoc Networks (VANETs) [36]. The blockchain … Blockchainbased trust model has …
Blockchain Family Deed Certificate for Privacy and Data Security,"… data, and if family members grow, then, the parties only need to add the member's data in the blockchain, because, the blockchain … the editing of the wrong data, but without a third party …"
Privacy-Preserving Tucker Train Decomposition Over Blockchain-Based Encrypted Industrial IoT Data,… blockchain techniques to enable IIoT data providers to reliably and securely share their data by … that can easily be accommodated on the blockchain while protecting data privacy for the …
"Data privacy management, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology","… of the 12th Data Privacy Management International Workshop … related to the management of privacy-sensitive information. … privacy policies, administration of sensitive identifiers, data …"
Privacy preserving blockchain technique to achieve secure and reliable sharing of IoT data,
Privacy-preserving K-nearest neighbors training over blockchain-based encrypted health data,"… provides a privacy-preserving K -NN training over IoT data. It employs Blockchain technology with … (ie, IoT data analyst C and IoT data provider P) data privacy. When C analyzes the IoT …"
A survey on blockchain-based identity management and decentralized privacy for personal data,… management and personal data security and privacy. We limit our discussion to the systems and architectures that proposed identity management and data privacy using blockchains. …
Blockchain-orchestrated machine learning for privacy preserving federated learning in electronic health data,… for an advanced blockchain-orchestrated machine learning system for privacy … Data and analytic processes discoverable on secure public blockchain while retaining privacy of the data …
Blockchain-based data management and edge-assisted trusted cloaking area construction for location privacy protection in vehicular networks,"… the trust mechanism to protect the location privacy of vehicles. In this article, … data management may be unsuitable for vehicular networks. We also propose a blockchain-based trust data …"
Smart contract data feed framework for privacy-preserving oracle system on blockchain,"… blockchain-based applications and research such as cryptocurrency increase, an oracle problem to bring external data in the blockchain … supporting privacy protection for external data, …"
Privacy-preserving blockchain-based data sharing platform for decentralized storage systems,… the re-encrypted data. 2) We propose a novel mechanism of hiding auditable data access control lists that are stored on the blockchain and fully managed by the data owners. A user …
Privacy Protection in Smart Cities by a Personal Data Management Protocol in Blockchain.,… Blockchain technology and encrypted currencies have so far … a protocol that converts the blockchain network to an automated … to be used on the blockchain network and attackers are …
Data privacy-preserving distributed knowledge discovery based on the blockchain,… Here we propose a blockchain-based method to discourage the participants to cheat or be … data privacy. The proposed method gives penalty to the betraying parties in the data privacy-…
A blockchain-based conditional privacy-preserving traffic data sharing in cloud,… we design a blockchainbased privacy-preserving traffic data sharing … CONDITIONAL PRIVACY-PRESERVING TRAFFIC DATA … a blockchain-based privacypreserving traffic data …
A Medical Data Privacy Protection Scheme Based on Blockchain and Cloud Computing,"… data privacy protection scheme, bring in a cloud computing pattern, and designed blockchain-based distributed data … in blockchain to ensure the security of patient data information …"
Blockchain-Driven Trusted Data Sharing With Privacy Protection in IoT Sensor Network,"… used in blockchain. In this paper, the secure sharing of IoV data scheme based on blockchain (called IoVChain) divides data into public data that can be shared in plain text and private …"
Research on distributed blockchain-based privacy-preserving and data security framework in IoT,
Decentralizing Privacy Using Blockchain to Protect Private Data and Challanges With IPFS,… to a consensus regarding addition of data to the blockchain. Every blockchain operation requires a processing fee. This fee makes storing of large data on the blockchain infeasible. An …
Block-smpc: A blockchain-based secure multi-party computation for privacy-protected data sharing,"… blockchain technology and SMPC to achieve efficient and feasible privacy-protected data … According to the essential roles in SMPC (ie data provider, data aggregator and computing …"
A privacy-preserving medical data sharing scheme based on consortium blockchain,"… In order to protect patients’ privacy while achieving efficient medical data sharing, we propose a privacy-preserving medical data sharing scheme based on consortium blockchain. In …"
Privacy Perspectives on Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing in the Era of Big Data: Role of Blockchain Technology in Genomics,"… use of blockchain technology to enhance consumer privacy. I argue that blockchain technology serves as an ideal privacy measure allowing researchers access to genomic data, while …"
Preserving the Privacy for University Data Using Blockchain and Attribute-based Encryption,"… In this work, a blockchain-based university data storage model is proposed and such barriers of blockchain are handled. The proposed model achieves the tamper resistance …"
Protection to Personal Data Using Decentralizing Privacy of Blockchain.,… or data is been hacked by another person. This chapter explores protection of data using the decentralized privacy of blockchain. … you to build blockchain which transacts in strict privacy. …
Blockchain privacy data protection method based on HEVC video steganography,"… the problem of transaction data privacy protection, which seriously … data in the blockchain is public on the network. Any attacker can obtain all transaction information, making the privacy …"
Blockchain: A New Technology to Enhance Data Security and Privacy in Internet of Things,"… Throughout this research article, we introduce an analysis of IoT security concerns; blockchain … advances, data privacy keeps going much further than blockchain technology as well as …"
Data privacy protection method of internet of things based on blockchain technology,"… privacy protection, this paper analyzes the application value of blockchain in the Internet of things privacy … aspects to solve the Internet of things privacy disclosure and tampering, as well …"
Designing privacy-friendly data repositories: a framework for a blockchain that follows the GDPR,… ’s focus is a generic literature review about blockchain and GDPR or blockchain and data privacy regulation. Blockchain governance models and technical requirements change on a …
"A survey on Blockchain-based applications for reforming data protection, privacy and security","… privacy of individual data in the online world. Hence, the purpose of this paper is to study the actual cases of Blockchain applied in the reformation of privacy … studies on data privacy and …"
"… Mohamed Selim, Gia Nhu Nguyen, and K. Shankar. Privacy Preserving Blockchain Technique to Achieve Secure and Reliable Sharing of IoT Data",
Private Blockchain Networks: A Solution for Data Privacy,… This paper describes how to create a private blockchain network and how other users can … This section tests the privacy of a private blockchain network by storing some backend data …
Integrating Machine Learning with Blockchain to Ensure Data Privacy,"… a permissioned blockchain network can be developed to ensure data privacy, they also proposed a privacyaware PKI system. How trustworthiness can be increased using blockchain is …"
Blockchain-Based Secure and Privacy-Preserving Clinical Data Sharing and Integration,"… medical data silos and to provide privacy-preserving data sharing via blockchain and … We leverage broadcast encryption, key regression, data privacy classification, blockchain and …"
Preserving data privacy in electronic health records using blockchain technology,"… & Barguil (2018), Data privacy and data accessibility are conflict with each other as data privacy ensures the overall control provided to access the data where as the accessibility means …"
Protecting Data Privacy and Prevent Fake News and Deepfakes in Social Media via Blockchain Technology,"… To protect data integrity and privacy of the users on social media, this paper … data privacy in social media via blockchain technology. The proposed trust index model use blockchain to …"
Blockchain-based privacy protection scheme for electric energy metering data,"… describes the privacy and security … data, blockchain deposit certificates, threshold ElGamal cryptographic system [7], and a blockchain-based electric energy measurement data privacy …"
Blockchain-Based Outsourced Privacy-Preserving Support Vector Machine Classification on IoT Data,"… However, although promising, the use of blockchain … : The data privacy issue associated with both blockchain and smart … : A privacy-preserving SVM classification scheme over IoT data …"
Privacy Preserving Data Aggregation and Dynamic Billing System in Smart Grid Using Permissioned Blockchain,… privacy-preserving dynamic billing and data aggregation scheme. Our scheme consists of permissioned blockchain that … To protect data privacy of a consumer from any internal/external …
BlockChain/ABE-based Fusion Solution for E-government Data Sharing and Privacy protection,… Protection Regulation(GDPR) adopted by European Union(EU) is a new data privacy and security … how to implement data sharing and control using blockchain-based CP-ABE scheme. …
Regulatable user privacy protection model of blockchain with encryption on sensitive data,
Data Privacy Protection of Industrial Blockchain,"… Therefore, the blockchain data privacy protection scheme proposed in this paper does not … blockchain when executing the upload data request. (2) Access data request test results …"
Towards on Blockchain Data Privacy Protection with Cryptography and Software Architecture Approach,"… data privacy schemes are basically based on cryptography. On the premise of satisfying the constraint mechanism of blockchain, … At the same time, we study data privacy protection from …"
Blockchain-Inspired Architectures for Attribute-Based Access Control and Zero Knowledge Proof-Based Data Privacy,… atop the Blockchain to address the data security and privacy concerns. We propose a blockchain and Zeroknowledge Proof inspired approach to provide the privacy-preserving traffic …
Data Privacy-Preserving of Consortium Blockchain in the Internet of Things,… blockchain prototype system to run the privacy-preserving mechanism designed in this paper. The effectiveness of the privacy … and data size of each algorithm in the privacypreserving …
A New Blockchain-based Electronic Medical Record Transferring System with Data Privacy,"… is widely used in data storage and sharing. This paper proposes a blockchain-based medical prescription system. At the same time, in order to effectively protect the privacy of patients, …"
Secure and Privacy-Preserving Data Computing Scheme Based on Blockchain for Double-Loop Governance of Smart Society,"… a blockchain-based multi-party data sharing and … blockchain into multiparty computations to achieve data sharing and computation under efficiently data privacy protection, and the data …"
Blockchain-Based Decentralized Privacy-Preserving Data Aggregation (BDPDA),"… blockchain-based data aggregation scheme is designed. Due to the transparency of data in blockchain, the privacy … third party while protecting the data privacy of the user’s smart meter. …"
Towards a Blockchain and Smart Contracts-Based Privacy Framework for Decentralized Data Processing,"… become essential to consider aspects like data privacy. Recently, blockchain technology has become more popular for applications that require strong privacy and security. Examples …"
Enhanced Privacy with Blockchain-based Storage for Data Sharing,"… encrypt the data that requires privacy using the key of the encrypted file and then uploads it to DHT for storage, so that the owner of the private data can further share the data securely. …"
Data Ownership Confirmation and Privacy-Free Search for Blockchain-Based Medical Data Sharing,… How to retrieve the required medical data while protecting privacy is the second problem to … of data ownership confirmation and propose a blockchain-based medical data sharing …
"Providing Anonymous Communication, Privacy-Preserving Data Aggregation and Dynamic Billing System in Smart Grid Using Permissioned Blockchain",… privacy-preserving dynamic billing and data aggregation scheme. Our scheme consists of permissioned blockchain … To protect the data privacy of a consumer from any internal/external …
Decentralizing Privacy-Preserving Data Aggregation Scheme Using Blockchain in Smart Grid,"… In recent years, a large number of privacy-preservation data … smart grid data aggregation scheme based on blockchain, which … while protecting the data privacy of the user’s smart meter. …"
Blockchain-based trusted sharing of electric energy privacy data,"… trade secrets, and data storage faces the risk of data tampering, duplication, … blockchain, we propose a trustworthy sharing scheme of electric energy privacy data based on blockchain …"
"Smart Contract Data Feed Framework for Privacy-Preserving Oracle System on Blockchain. Computers 2021, 10, 7","… blockchain-based applications and research such as cryptocurrency increase, an oracle problem to bring external data in the blockchain … supporting privacy protection for external data, …"
"APPLYING BLOCKCHAIN AND DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TO IMPROVE THE ACCESSIBILITY, SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF ELECTRONIC HEALTH DATA","… of health data. This thesis work, therefore, developed a platform that uses Blockchain … systems so as to facilitate a fast and secure data exchange, facilitating interoperability at the end. …"
"A survey on Blockchain-based applications for reforming data protection, privacy and security","… blockchain has the capability and potential to revolutionize trust, security and privacy of individual data … actual cases of Blockchain applied in the reformation of privacy and security field …"
Using NFT (Non-fungible tokens) and Zero Knowledge to enable privacy and traceability of data sharing on the Blockchain,Using NFT (Non-fungible tokens) and Zero Knowledge to enable privacy and traceability of data sharing on the Blockchain - Student Theses Faculty of Science and Engineering …
"A survey on Blockchain-based applications for reforming data protection, privacy and security.",
Towards secure and privacy-preserving data sharing for covid-19 medical records: A blockchain-empowered approach,"… , we propose a blockchain-empowered security and privacy protection … blockchain for uniform identity authentication and all public keys, revocation lists, etc are stored on a blockchain. …"
Analysis of using blockchain to protect the privacy of drone big data,… unit cryptosystem for encryption of blockchain data. Privacy analysis is provided to validate … proposed UAV big data privacy protection scheme based on blockchain technology has low …
CP-BDHCA: Blockchain-based Confidentiality-Privacy preserving Big Data scheme for healthcare clouds and applications,"… By introducing blockchain, we are auditing every transaction along with action performed on data. Authentication- Most of the blockchain platforms use public key infrastructure (typically …"
hOCBS: A privacy-preserving blockchain framework for healthcare data leveraging an on-chain and off-chain system design,"… Key features of OCBS’ are their ability to improve scalability, reduce data storage requirements, and enhance data privacy, all extremely critical issues to enable broader blockchain …"
Privacy protection for fog computing and the internet of things data based on blockchain,… a blockchain-based distributed access control system to maintain the IoT data privacy. In this … problems related to IoT data privacy as a result of its vulnerability to data leakage. Moreover…
Blockchain-enabled federated learning data protection aggregation scheme with differential privacy and homomorphic encryption in IIoT,"… data and privacy concerns for individual data, we design the novel blockchainenabled federated data … the dual protection of data privacy and model privacy by model sharing pattern. …"
Blockchain and homomorphic encryption-based privacy-preserving data aggregation model in smart grid,"… , data security and privacy are not considered while training a model. However, due to the presence of sensitive data, it is crucial that some systems preserve data privacy during model …"
Data security sharing model based on privacy protection for blockchain‐enabled industrial Internet of Things,"… a data security sharing model based on privacy protection (DSS-PP) for blockchain-enabled … stored in off-chain database of the blockchain, while only the ciphertext index information is …"
SPChain: blockchain-based medical data sharing and privacy-preserving eHealth system,… We propose a data sharing and privacy-preserving public blockchain system named SPChain. We use chameleon hash functions to design new block structures which provide whole …
Data privacy based on IoT device behavior control using blockchain,… to preserve privacy in a private area network using the blockchain technology. The objective … enables the data owner to control the IoT devices first by defining the privacy permission …
"Blockchain for Healthcare Systems: Challenges, Privacy, and Securing of Data","… electronic health records, data privacy, drug counterfeiting and … of data and privacy and security issues of data, as blockchain … Implementation of blockchain technology in the healthcare …"
A blockchain-based preserving and sharing system for medical data privacy,"… paper proposed a medical data information system model based on blockchain, Internet of … and sharing of medical data. The contributions and innovations of this work are as follows. …"
Edge blockchain assisted lightweight privacy-preserving data aggregation for smart grid,"… However, the performance of data aggregation is not improved through … blockchain and edge computing. In this paper, we integrate blockchain and edge computing techniques in data …"
Blockchain technologies towards data privacy—hyperledger sawtooth as unit of analysis,"… —data privacy and blockchain—are elaborated in Sect. 2. In Sect. 3, we discuss the characteristics forming the morphological box; as baseline, we use blockchain and data privacy …"
Blockchain implementation for privacy preserving and securing the healthcare data,"… by medical institutions, which leads to privacy leaks. We will design a medical data sharing and privacy-preserving eHealth framework based on blockchain technology. We combine the …"
Privacy protection of grid users data with blockchain and adversarial machine learning,"… addresses privacy violation of consumers’ energy usage data … for the privacy protection while allowing benefits of energy data … While the AMLODA-B model offers data privacy service, it …"
A Blockchain-Based Medical Data Sharing Mechanism with Attribute-Based Access Control and Privacy Protection,"… [3] are two commonly adopted techniques to protect data privacy. Comparing both, … In this paper, we propose a privacy-preserving scheme based on the blockchain for medical data …"
A data privacy protection scheme for Internet of things based on blockchain,"… of data privacy leakage currently facing the IoT, this article uses blockchain technology to … proposes a blockchain-based data privacy protection scheme for the IoT. This article uses …"
Privacy preserving in blockchain-based government data sharing: A Service-On-Chain (SOC) approach,"… an effective and feasible blockchain approach for cross-departmental privacy-preserving data sharing, … In addition, we combine the idea of computation migration to perform data privacy …"
MedShare: A Privacy-Preserving Medical Data Sharing System by Using Blockchain,"… to search and access EHR in a privacy-preserving manner. In … smart contract technique of blockchain to establish a trusted … in search result on the blockchain. Besides, we propose an …"
Privacy-preserving IoT data aggregation based on blockchain and homomorphic encryption,"… the design of a privacy-preserving system. To this end, we propose PrivDA, a Privacy-preserving IoT Data Aggregation scheme based on the blockchain and homomorphic encryption …"
Big Data Security and Privacy: A Taxonomy with Some HPC and Blockchain Perspectives,"… many challenges, such as privacy and security concerns. This paper discusses Big Data, its challenges, and different classifications of security and privacy challenges. Furthermore, it …"
A Privacy-Preserving Storage Scheme for Logistics Data with Assistance of Blockchain,"… privacy leakage. In this study, we propose a blockchain-assisted secure storage scheme for logistics data. … complete and reliable data privacy protection design. However, these existing …"
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving record linkage: enhancing data privacy in an untrusted environment,… ) Blockchain networks in order to provide auditability to PPRL. The Blockchain technology aims to provide shared data … The computations and the data sharing are possible due to an …
Blockchain Technology for Data Privacy Management,"… The maturity of blockchain technology and the establishment of its … privacy issues and challenges related to data-intensive technologies in the IoT, embracing the role of blockchain in all …"
A Systematic Review of Privacy-Preserving Healthcare Data Sharing on Blockchain,"… (PKI) and encryption are used for data privacy. Within the scope of this study, blockchainbased studies on the privacy preserving data sharing of health data were examined. In this paper…"
A Novel Blockchain and Bi-Linear Polynomial-Based QCP-ABE Framework for Privacy and Security over the Complex Cloud Data,"… Consequently, the key goal of the present contribution is to facilitate strict data privacy and security framework for cloud users’ data by combining the block chain technique with …"
Healthchain: A Privacy Protection System for Medical Data Based on Blockchain,"… in privacy protection. To solve these problems, this paper designs a medical data privacy protection system, which integrates blockchain… to realize reliable medical data sharing between …"
Privacy-Preserving multivariant regression analysis over blockchain-based encrypted IoMT data,… privacy issues of IoMT data at the time of training a linear regression model. Blockchain is … known as Paillier to protect all participant’s data privacy. To eliminate the territory on a third-…
"Blockchain, privacy, and data protection","… the blockchain-based payment system via Ethereum.This chapter will inquire whether blockchain respects the principles of data processing, and protects the rights of the data subjects …"
Privacy-enhancing distributed protocol for data aggregation based on blockchain and homomorphic encryption,"… data needs to be scrutinized by the processor, somewhat paradoxical in the context of data privacy… for not having a unified set of data privacy laws despite the huge quantity of global …"
Blockchain-Based Privacy-Preserving System for Genomic Data Management Using Local Differential Privacy,… a secure genomic data management system using blockchain and local differential privacy (LDP). The … Gene data privacy has received considerable research attention because gene …
CPDS: A Cross-Blockchain Based Privacy-Preserving Data Sharing for Electronic Health Records,"… data sharing and endanger patient privacy. To solve these problems, we propose an EHRs privacy protection data sharing scheme based on blockchain. … the hospital private blockchain. …"
Blockchain data privacy access control based on searchable attribute encryption,
Data Privacy-Preserving for Blockchain: State of the Art and Trends,"… of blockchain. Then we summarize the privacy-preserving problems faced by the blockchain … solutions based on the proposed concept of data privacy protection. Finally, some problems …"
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving medical data sharing scheme using federated learning,"… of data privacy when sharing medical data, we propose a medical data privacy protection framework based on blockchain (… , we protect privacy by adding differential privacy noise into …"
Blockchain-based Auditable Privacy-Preserving Data Classification for Internet-of-Things,"… To prevent the malicious data center/data processor while guaranteeing the utility and privacy of data, we propose blockchain-based auditable privacy-preserving data classification …"
A secure multi-party computation protocol for universal data privacy protection based on blockchain,"Abstract: Recent years, how to protect user privacy data on the blockchain reasonably and efficiently is a key issue in the current blockchain technology field. Based on this, in this paper…"
Privacy preservation for on-chain data in the permissionless blockchain using symmetric key encryption and smart contract,… data privacy. To deal with this issue we provide a privacy-preserving solution for permissionless blockchain to empower the user to take control of transaction data in the open ledger. …
Privacy preserving data mining as proof of useful work: Exploring an AI/Blockchain design,"… enterprise Blockchain space, is recognized as Faculty on the Blockchain Research Institute website, and is a pioneer of “on-chain” analytics. He is a consultant for Blockchain startups …"
Blockchain and artificial intelligence enabled privacy‐preserving medical data transmission in Internet of Things,… chain to attain privacy preservative distributed storing … or privacy of persons. Ivan 13 investigated the probability of using block chain as a storing method to protect medicinal data privacy…
Individual-Initiated Auditable Access Control for Privacy-Preserved IoT Data Sharing with Blockchain,"… and use of health data, we define the design requirements for a blockchainbased system and … CP-ABE key generation, data publication and data retrieval. We further compare this study …"
Blockchain Enabled Privacy Preserving Access Control for Data Publishing and Sharing in the Internet of Medical Things,… evaluation metrics among data publishers and data requesters. … and privacy-preserving data sharing among data publishers … blockchain enabled prototype to keep and validate privacy …
Implementation of a Secure and privacy-aware E-Health record and IoT data Sharing using Blockchain,"… instead we can use IPFS to store data and the hash from IPFS we will store in blockchain. Record personal data … The solution for data privacy, security of the health data could and is …"
Blockchain-Based Privacy Protection Scheme for IoT-Assisted Educational Big Data Management,… propose a blockchain-based access control scheme for the data … : (1) a well-implemented data collection module that is deployed … IoT data privacy in crowdsourcing with blockchain was …
A review of research on blockchain data privacy protection,
A novel personal privacy data protection scheme based on blockchain and attribute-based encryption [J],
Privacy Protection of Power Business Transaction Data Based on Blockchain Framework,
Blockchain-based knapsack system for security and privacy preserving to medical data (2021) in SN COMPUT,
Overview of Blockchain Data Privacy Protection,"… of blockchain. In this paper, the basic principle of blockchain technology, data privacy threats, data privacy protection methods, and the future of blockchain data privacy protection are …"
Enhancing data privacy through a decentralised predictive model with blockchain-based revenue,… a decentralised approach to enhance data privacy in AI training … on providing privacy for shared storage in a public blockchain … Both schemes are relying on blockchain technology along …
Secular: A decentralized blockchain-based data privacy-preserving model training platform,"… However, one of their biggest challenges is how to maintain the security and privacy of the given dataset. Besides, Blockchain is one of the most discussed technologies of our time. It …"
How Blockchain and AI Enable Personal Data Privacy and Support Cybersecurity,… for protecting and securing personal data. Decentralized and federated … blockchain-based privacy solutions by enabling users to better manage their data and by ensuring that data …
Blockchain-Based Data Market (BCBDM) Framework for Security and Privacy: An Analysis,"… of data sharing, complex issues such as data privacy and ownership are emerging. Blockchain is a decentralized distributed data … The introduction of blockchain can eliminate the …"
Towards Achieving Personal Privacy Protection and Data Security on Integrated E-Voting Model of Blockchain and Message Queue,"… Despite these advantages, blockchain brings in new challenges regarding system performance and data privacy. Due to distributed nature of blockchain, any new updating request …"
Where is our data? A blockchain-based information chain of custody model for privacy improvement,"… This fast dissemination of information raises concerns about data privacy. It is necessary to identify everything that happens to our information for privacy is guaranteed [1], [2]. Privacy …"
BPT: a blockchain based privacy information preserving system for trust data collection over distributed mobile edge network,"… for data collectors. Thirdly, we enforce … privacy on the data stored in global blockchain maintained by the cloud server to protect privacy for data collectors without influencing data …"
"Exploiting Zero Knowledge Proof and Blockchain Towards the Enforcement of Anonymity, Data Integrity and Privacy (ADIP) on IoT",… Data integrity and protection against sybil and IoT spoofing attacks were maintained via blockchain. Our threats analysis models showed that data modification and data injections …
A Survey on Data privacy and preservation using Blockchain in Healthcare organization,… for efficient storage leads to Blockchain as storage. The dominant Blockchain storage stored a large amount of health data with a shared key to encrypt the data to access it. The …
A Decentralized Identity-Based Blockchain Solution for Privacy-Preserving Licensing of Individual-Controlled Data to Prevent Unauthorized Secondary Data Usage,"… On the other hand, how to consume data while being able to protect data privacy and … challenge in data science today. Confidential computing was born to solve this problem.A privacy-…"
Lightweight blockchain to solve forgery and privacy issues of vehicle image data,"… (1) Blockchain size problem: Blockchain is a decentralized data … blockchain ledger. Because of this, all nodes must store the same … (3) Data privacy problem: In the blockchain, data is …"
Blockchain-Enabled and Data-Driven Smart Healthcare Solution for Secure and Privacy-Preserving Data Access,"… , the patient’s data are stored on the cloud rather than in the blockchain. The reason is that storing the data on the blockchain implies replication of potentially voluminous data, which is …"
Privacy-Preserving Data Sharing Scheme with FL via MPC in Financial Permissioned Blockchain,"… secure data sharing for distributed banks in privacy. To prevent from connection of clients’ data and … In this paper, we first propose blockchain-empowered secure federated learning for …"
A Privacy-Preserving Data Transmission Scheme Based on Oblivious Transfer and Blockchain Technology in the Smart Healthcare,"… erefore, our goals are to protect user privacy and guarantee the security of data transmission based on OT and blockchain technology under the smart healthcare environment. To …"
IoT Solution for AI-Enabled PRIVACY-PREServing with Big Data Transferring: An Application for Healthcare Using Blockchain,"… blockchain, which is an emerging technology [20,21] to improve the performance of the healthcare system against security extortions with efficient data … and guaranteed data privacy. …"
HDM-Chain: A Secure Blockchain-based Healthcare Data Management framework to ensure Privacy and Security in the Health Unit,"… globally, but at PHRs data is ruled to essential safety and privacy concerns. This paper … Blockchain(BC) resolves the preceding difficulties from it shares data in a decentralized and …"
A blockchain solution for the privacy of patients' medical data,"… , and usage of blockchain technology to preserve the sensitive medical data of patients. A … The major problem with data sharing is its authenticity, data privacy, and security. Many …"
Blockchain-based Knapsack System for Security and Privacy Preserving to Medical Data.,
Technology Review of Blockchain Data Privacy Solutions,… This objective of this report is to review existing enterprise blockchain technologies - EOSIO … - that provide data privacy while leveraging the data integrity benefits of blockchain. By …
A Regulatable Data Privacy Protection Scheme for Energy Transactions Based on Consortium Blockchain,"… issues in the energy transaction scenario based on the consortium blockchain, this paper proposes a supervisable energy transaction data privacy protection scheme. is scheme …"
IoT Data Privacy Protection Scheme based on Blockchain,"… the blockchain technology and proposes a blockchainbased IoT sensor data privacy protection scheme from the anonymisation of user identity, the protection of private data and the …"
DS2PM: A Data Sharing Privacy Protection Model Based on Blockchain and Federated Learning,"… By studying data sharing models that are based on blockchain, … the privacy and integrity of users’ data, along with users’ data … the data privacy problem in the previously established data …"
Data Privacy Protection of Industrial Blockchain,"… Therefore, the blockchain data privacy protection scheme proposed in this paper does not … fault detection blockchain when executing the upload data request. (2) Access data request …"
Research on Privacy Data Protection Based on Trusted Computing and Blockchain,"… privacy data protection methods, a privacy data protection method based on trusted computing and blockchain … protocol, combined with the blockchain technology, the ECC elliptic curve …"
A Privacy-Preserving Vehicular Data Sharing Framework atop Multi-Sharding Blockchain,"… can not only strengthen system security and data privacy, but also increase the data authenticity verification efficiency by 5x comparing to existing privacy-preserving schemes. …"
Protecting privacy and promoting learning: blockchain and privacy preserving technology should inform new ethical guidelines for health data,… for data-driven research. In this piece we discuss how blockchain technology and privacy preserving forms … Health data privacy is especially vulnerable in light of significant advances in …
BlockTorrent: A Blockchain Enabled Privacy-Preserving Data Availability Protocol for Multi-stakeholder Scenarios,"… While this approach ensures data privacy, it impacts the accessibility of the data. … blockchainbased data management protocol, enhances data availability while protecting the privacy …"
"A Review on Data Privacy Detection in Social Networks using Data Mining, Machine Learning and Blockchain technologies","… of Data Privacy Detection methods applied in Social Networks using combinational analysis of multiple areas like Data Mining, Machine Learning, and Blockchain … of Data Privacy …"
Privacy Protection Data Retrieval Scheme with Inverted Index for IoT based on Blockchain,"… still privacy and efficiency issues if the traditional ABKS schemes are directly used in blockchain data sharing. In order to solve the problems, this paper proposes privacy protection data …"
Protection Method of Network Data Privacy Security Issues Based on Blockchain Technology,"… data leakage [9, 10]. This article applies blockchain technology to cloud computing data … , combining the respective advantages of blockchain and cloud computing, and constructs an …"
A Data Privacy Approach Using Shamir's Secret Scheme in Permissioned Blockchain,"… Blockchain faces serious issues with data privacy, which is an obstacle for the application of the blockchain… sharing (SSS) system to the blockchain. The proposal resists passive and …"
16 Blockchain Technology for Healthcare Cloud-Based Data Privacy and Security,… quantum computing-derived data seems to be an inherent part of blockchain’s evolution… blockchain safety [18]. Quantum computing can expand deciphering the encryption of blockchain…
Research on Blockchain Privacy Protection of Enterprise Internal Control Evaluation in the Big Data Era,"… Because when data is stored in the blockchain, … blockchain layer, the cloud storage layer, the data layer, and the user layer. Network data privacy protection model based on blockchain …"
Research on the control of user privacy data disclosure based on blockchain Technology,"… privacy data leakage control based on blockchain technology. Firstly, the asymmetric encryption algorithm in blockchain … improve the accuracy of user data privacy control, which is of …"
Software Defined Networking and Network Function Virtualization for improved data privacy using the emergent blockchain in banking systems,"… a novel data privacy policy based on blockchain divided into three parts: a data privacy classification method, a modern collaborative-filteringbased model, and a data disclosure …"
Blockchain-Based Electronic Health Records Sharing Scheme with Data Privacy Verifiable,"… To fulfill the needs for blockchain in shared EHR systems, we propose a blockchain-based security scheme for sharing EHRs to preserve patient's privacy and ensure data integrity. …"
"A study on application of blockchain technology to control counterfeit drugs, enhance data privacy and improve distribution in online pharmacy",… Blockchain technology is no exception in providing the solution to eliminate the counterfeit … Blockchain technology can ensure data privacy while improving supply chain transparency …
A Blockchain-Integrated Divided-Block Sparse Matrix Transformation Differential Privacy Data Publishing Model,"… the traditional differential privacy algorithm with the same privacy parameters, … blockchain and propose an Efficient Privacy Data Publishing and Sharing Model based on the blockchain…"
A Blockchain-based Data Governance Framework with Privacy Protection and Provenance for e-Prescription,"… , privacy protection, and consent management. We introduce a decentralized data governance framework based on blockchain … -encryption technique to ensure data privacy. In this way, …"
A Framework Of Big Data As Service Platform For Access Control & Privacy Protection Using Blockchain Network,… and data privacy. In this paper we have proposed a framework for an access control with privacy protection in BDaaS based on blockchain technology. Here blockchain technology is …
Privacy Protection Model for Blockchain Data Sharing Based on zk-SNARK,"… blockchain such as data privacy protection of the blockchain, … Based on the blockchain data sharing model using CP-ABE … to propose a blockchain data sharing privacy protection model …"
Towards a Blockchain and Smart Contracts-Based Privacy Framework for Decentralized Data Processing,"… In this section, we explain our proposed framework, the blockchain-based privacy framework for data processing applications, which uses smart contracts to provide data privacy in data …"
Privacy-Enhanced Crowdsourcing Data Trading based on Blockchain and Stackelberg Game,"… based on blockchain to protect the data copyright of the whole data trading. By leveraging homomorphic encryption, our copyright protection scheme is easy for finding the data pirates …"
Lightweight-blockchain based privacy-preserving data aggregation for epidemic disease surveillance,"… , which can aggregate data without relying on a trusted third party. Especially, to protect data privacy in the data aggregation process, the case count data is aggregated based on the …"
Sustainable and Effective Blockchain-based Solutions for the Security and Privacy of Healthcare Data,"… and privacy challenges. In the present situations, blockchain technology is the greatest pervasive, emerging, sustainable, and growing technology in the security and data privacy area …"
"Confidentiality, integrity, and accountability: a novel patient-centric blockchain approach to establish CIA principles and healthcare data privacy","… blockchain with laws and regulations is narrowed down to GDPR compliance. In this research, we conduct a comprehensive survey on blockchain … barriers the blockchain technology is …"
Blockchain-based Privacy-preserving Fair Data Trading Protocol,"… information about the tradings on the public blockchain. In this paper, we … privacy to the participants. We introduce new security notions for privacypreserving blockchain-based fair data …"
DATA PROTECTON AND PRIVACY PRESERVING USING BLOCKCHAIN IN HEALTHCARE,"… The proposed work discusses the security and the privacy of health data using blockchain … of the health data. Due to the sensitivity of patient data, preserving the privacy of patients …"
Data Security and Privacy-Preserving Framework Using Machine Learning and Blockchain in Big-Data to Data Middle Platform in the Era of IR 4.0,"… and the Blockchain. In this research, the researcher reviews the security and privacy-preventing in Big-Data, … Big data privacy: a technological perspective and review. Journal of Big …"
A Blockchain-based Electric Data Sharing System with Privacy Protection,"… energy data sharing system based on blockchain, to make sure that each electric user’s individual data is not visible on the blockchain… D2D data privacy protection mechanism based on …"
Security and Privacy Concerns for Blockchain While Handling Healthcare Data,"… of data in e-health systems. In this chapter, we present a systematic review of the … blockchain-based approaches for e-health systems with focus on e-health system security and …"
Reliable and Privacy Preserving Blockchain Based Medical Data Sharing Digital Ledger,… reliable and privacy preserving blockchain based data sharing … blockchain based medical data sharing digital record. Since traditional Proof of Stake lacks in security and data privacy …
Differential Privacy-Based Permissioned Blockchain for Private Data Sharing in Industrial IoT,… a differential privacy-based permissioned blockchain using Hyperledger fabric to enable private data sharing in supply chain in IIoT (DH-IIoT). We integrate differential privacy into the …
"IoT Solution for AI-Enabled PRIVACY-PREServing with Big Data Transferring: An Application for Healthcare Using Blockchain. Energies 2021, 14, 5364","… blockchain, which is an emerging technology [20,21] to improve the performance of the healthcare system against security extortions with efficient data … guaranteed data privacy. The …"
A Privacy-Preserving Medical Data Traceability System Based on Attribute-Based Encryption on Blockchain,"… However, the data privacy issues contained in medical data are … data and the high risk of sensitive data leakage, this paper proposes a scheme based on the combination of blockchain …"
Exploiting the Medical Data Storage Implementation and Privacy Protection with Consortium Blockchain and IPFS,… of medical data storage model with consortium blockchain and IPFS. We will mainly focus on privacy protection and data sharing mechanism in medical data storage process. The rest …
MediBlock-A Privacy-aware Blockchain to store patients data and effective diagnosis methods,… This research presents a privacy-aware Blockchain for medical data sharing that proposes a … for data privacy inside a Blockchain. Healthcare data should be stored on Blockchain in …
Towards Efficient Co-audit of Privacy-Preserving Data on Consortium Blockchain via Group Key Agreement,… We introduce the schemes of auditable privacy-preserving data on consortium blockchain as well as the development of group key agreement technologies in Section 2. Section 3 …
A Decentralized Privacy-Preserving Blockchain for IoT and Big Data in Healthcare Applications,"… Blockchain generation is an appropriate driver to offer new insights and addresses … data management remains a significant barrier in its implementation. In this chapter, new blockchain …"
Privacy Preserving System and Data Integrity Using Distributed Hash Table in Blockchain,… The recommended elective is a system that executes the idea of blockchain and edge figuring to store … “Medibchain: a blockchain based privacy preserving platform for healthcare data.” …
Blockchain: A Security Component for Data Security and Privacy—Current Trends in the Automotive Industry,… Blockchain is said to be a rising … blockchain technology seems to be recent current trend of each greatest latest technology that will benefit the auto sector by improving knowledge data …
Security and privacy in medical data sharing through blockchain,"… of data and services, identity anonymity, data anonymity and unlinkability. With the emergence of blockchain … a secure and trusted medical data sharing system across different institutes, …"
ITreatU: An Effective Privacy and Security Solution for Healthcare Data Using the R3 Corda Platform of Blockchain Technology,… field of healthcare privacy using blockchain and develop an interoperable and secure solution using blockchain technology. It discusses some of the state-of-art privacy-preserving proof …
Security and privacy-preserving of data in mobile health systems: an approach based on non-interactive zero-knowledge proof and blockchain,"… is no privacy in the standard public blockchain, this work presents a scheme in which the data … However, there is no data privacy in the standard blockchain environment on transactions …"
A Blockchain-based Data Governance Framework with Privacy Protection and Provenance for e-Prescription,"… provenance, privacy protection, and … data governance framework based on blockchain technology and proxy re-encryption to let data owners control and track their data through privacy-…"
TREAD-Privacy Preserving Incentivized Connected Vehicles Mobility Data Storage on IPFS-Enabled Blockchain,"Trajectory data from Connected Vehicles (CVs) and other micro-mobility sources such as e-scooters, bikes and pedestrians is important for researchers, policy makers and other …"
Data Privacy and the Vision of a Blockchain Enabled Healthcare,Data Privacy and the Vision of a Blockchain Enabled Healthcare … Data Privacy and the Vision of a Blockchain Enabled Healthcare …
Analysis of Using Blockchain to Protect the Privacy of Drone Big Data,
"Blockchain and Public Law: Blockchain, Privacy, and Data Protection","Blockchain and Public Law: Blockchain, Privacy, and Data Protection — Vrije Universiteit Brussel … Blockchain and Public Law … in Blockchain and Public Law: Blockchain, Privacy …"
… malattie rare: dal paradosso della privacy al trattamento dei dati in modo sicuro.= Blockchain for the management of rare diseases: from privacy paradox to safe data …,"… analizza il fenomeno del paradosso della privacy, basato su bias … Successivamente, viene introdotta la blockchain come … riportato il funzionamento delle blockchain pubbliche, tra cui la …"
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving and rewarding private data sharing for IoT,… [34] constructed a large-scale health data privacy-preserving chain (named healthchain) to … 1) We propose a privacy-preserving incentive private data sharing scheme on the blockchain …
Blockchain-based verifiable privacy-preserving data classification protocol for medical data,… It makes the data center check the classification result … privacy-preserving data classification protocol in blockchain … it on blockchain to guarantee the transparency of data classification. …
Blockchain-Integrated Internet-of-Things Architecture in Privacy Preserving for Large-Scale Healthcare Supply Chain Data,"… However, implementing blockchain technology in IoT-based data communication networks … -related issues in the context of a HIS consisting of IoT-based blockchain technology. …"
Enterprise data sharing with privacy-preserved based on hyperledger fabric blockchain in IIOT's application,"… in data privacy, data protection, and data traceability, … of data to increase the scalability of the blockchain network and use digital signature technology to ensure the authenticity of data. …"
A framework for privacy-preservation of IoT healthcare data using Federated Learning and blockchain technology,"… This case study provides the privacy-preserving by blockchain and federated learning to smart healthcare. An exemplary overview of the case study is shown in Fig. 3, and the protocol …"
"Cybersecurity, Data Privacy and Blockchain: A Review","… utilising Blockchain technology. The challenges indicated are Cybersecurity and Data privacy in … Additional challenges are set out supported by literature, in researching data security …"
Scalable blockchain model using off-chain IPFS storage for healthcare data security and privacy,… using blockchain for data privacy and … data using IPFS saves blockchain structure from scalability issues. Further the proposal for blockchain integration with IPFS helps preserve privacy …
An intelligent and privacy-enhanced data sharing strategy for blockchain-empowered Internet of Things,"… the data privacy of data owners [6]. As a distributed shared ledger and database, the blockchain [7,… reliable technical supports for the privacy protection of data sharing. For example, the …"
Medical blockchain: Data sharing and privacy preserving of EHR based on smart contract,"… In Section 4.3.1, we explain the achievements of the new method in terms of data privacy … Data privacy discussion complying with HIPAA regulation To confirm the data privacy of patient, …"
Blockchain-based privacy preserving e-health system for healthcare data in cloud,"… solutions mentioned above do not take into account the protection of patients’ data privacy. … on blockchain has proved to be secure and immutable, we aim to utilize the blockchain …"
Blockchain-enabled Privacy Preserving of IoT Data for Sustainable Smart Cities using Machine Learning,"… blockchain methods to construct a reliable and secure datasharing policy between numerous data … -preserving SVM training system, which attempted data integrity and data privacy …"
A novel logistics data privacy protection method based on blockchain,"… access rights to different data, to achieve the purpose of data privacy protection. The traditional … with blockchain, we can rely on the decentralized nature of blockchain to make the data …"
Blockchain-Based Distributed Information Hiding Framework for Data Privacy Preserving in Medical Supply Chain Systems,"… the required privacy levels. In this paper, we propose the implementation of Blockchain and … technique to enhance the security and privacy of data communication in critical systems, …"
Secured platform for healthcare data: privacy preservation based blockchain environment,… blockchain-based safe health-care technology with privacy preservation tactics on preserving sensitive data… involved in the privacy preservation technique-based blockchain technology. …
Blockchain Data Privacy Protection and Sharing Scheme Based on Zero-Knowledge Proof,"… data sharing, data privacy, security, and data availability are important issues that cannot be ignored. This paper proposes a blockchain privacy … sharing of data among data owners, …"
Protecting Check-In Data Privacy in Blockchain Transactions with Preserving High Trajectory Pattern Utility,… A check-in privacy … blockchain transactions to solve the privacy leakage problem of transaction users’ sensitive information. CPP algorithm not only protects the privacy of check-in data …
FoodChain: A Food Delivery Platform Based on Blockchain for Keeping Data Privacy,"… by maintaining the privacy of those involved and eliminating costs and decentralizing data, this article presents a marketplace platform based on smart contracts hosted on a blockchain. …"
Blockchain-based continuous data integrity checking protocol with zero-knowledge privacy protection,"… data in public cloud data integrity auditing protocols leads to data privacy issues because auditors can obtain the data … Therefore, protecting data privacy is a burning issue. In addition, …"
Enhanced Data Privacy Preservation Model for Mobile Crowdsensing System Using Blockchain Technology,"… -off between data quality and privacy preserving. We plan to integrate blockchain technology into the crowdsensing system. Meanwhile, we also focus on how to protect data privacy in …"
Adoption of Blockchain for Data Privacy in 6G-Envisioned Augmented Reality: Opportunities and Challenges,"… is communicated through open channels, it raises privacy … privacy and induce trust among AR stakeholders, blockchain … the integration of BC to induce data privacy in AR ecosystems. A …"
Privacy-Preserved Credit Data Sharing Integrating Blockchain And Federated Learning For Industrial 4.0,"… In our system, to address the issue of personal credit data privacy protection, we propose a solution based on zk-SNARK credit credentialing, which enables users to be evaluated by …"
A controllable privacy data transmission mechanism for Internet of things system based on blockchain,"… on the realization of data sharing by blockchain technology in their respective fields from the perspectives of improving the consensus mechanism, data privacy protection, and storage …"
A Privacy Preserving Blockchain Based Framework for AIoT Data Exchange,"… This paper studies a blockchain based trading framework for trustful AIoT data exchange. To preserve data privacy and user privacy, we propose off-chain and on-chain solutions. …"
"BCST-APTS: Blockchain and CP-ABE Empowered Data Supervision, Sharing, and Privacy Protection Scheme for Secure and Trusted Agricultural Product …","… data attributes and encrypt data on the blockchain. is can not only ensure the confidentiality of the data stored in the blockchain, … e reason lies in the imperfect data privacy protection and …"
Matrix Character Relocation Technique for Improving Data Privacy in Shard-Based Private Blockchain Environments,"… However, the need for blockchain data privacy protection is … of disclosing all data in the blockchain to network participants. … blockchain data privacy, this paper proposes data privacy …"
Multiparty Data Publishing via Blockchain and Differential Privacy,"… low-dimensional projection data of the original data are … blockchain and differential privacy technology. First, the within-class mean vectors and within-class scatter matrices of local data …"
Blockchain with cloud for handling healthcare data: A privacy-friendly platform,"… emerging technologies and threatening privacy violations, but … data management solution that uses blockchain technology as a storage mechanism that helps to ensure patient privacy…"
Blockchain-Oriented Privacy Protection of Sensitive Data in the Internet of Vehicles,"… encryption and strict authorization measures, personal privacy … the privacy of users, a blockchain-based sensitive data privacy-… First, association rules are used to mine big data in the …"
Blockchain-Based Privacy-Preserving and Sustainable Data Query Service Over 5G-VANETs,"… data owner to get rid of the online restriction. With the help of blockchain oracle, we can provide more stable data … large amounts of data storage, complementing the blockchain-based …"
Blockchain-Empowered Secure and Privacy-Preserving Health Data Sharing in Edge-Based IoMT,"… , we put forward a secure and privacy-preserving profile … Blockchain is adopted to store the keyword ciphertext. It ensures that requesters access the desired data and protect data privacy…"
A data-owner centric privacy model with blockchain and adapted attribute-based encryption for internet-of-things and cloud environment,"… for data privacy, which are attribute-based encryption (ABE) and blockchain, to strengthen the data-owner privacy … other hand, combined with a blockchain-based protocol to overcome a …"
Trac2Chain: trackability and traceability of graph data in blockchain with linkage privacy,… We argue this work does not satisfy our privacy definition because it neither hides the linkages … The privacy issues we consider are similar to anonymous blockchain applications like …
"Security and Privacy Aspects of AI, IoT, Big Data and Blockchain in Healthcare Industry","… , data protection controls data access over the data lifecycle, while data privacy determines who may able to view personal data… Data privacy is based on the privacy policies of hospitals …"
A Blockchain-based Data Governance with Privacy and Provenance: a case study for e-Prescription,"… , privacy protection, and consent management. We introduce a decentralized data governance framework based on blockchain … -encryption technique to ensure data privacy. In this way, …"
Proposed model to decentralized storage of educational data for privacy preservation using Blockchain,… and sharing the educational data. The perceptive nature of data increases the issues of privacy. Several regulations and initiatives are done to preserve personal data privacy on certain …
Privacy-Preserving-Means Clustering over Blockchain-Based Encrypted IoMT Data,"… Data privacy issues are handled in the past by using cryptographic and differential privacy (DP) [10… are heavy and time-consuming, DP does not ensure data utility. In order to make sure …"
A Blockchain-Based Privacy Protection Application for Logistics Big Data,"… private data are specified by embedding fields in the logistics information. The blockchain … the intra-chain privacy data, so as to improve the intra-chain privacy protection within the …"
Security Framework for Enhancing Security and Privacy in Healthcare Data Using Blockchain Technology,… [24] proposed a modern privacy-based blockchain-preserving app upgrade protocol that offers a safe and secure update with a reward scheme thus protecting the privacy of users …
Blockchain-based Data Integrity and Privacy Protection Method for Swarm Robotics,"… of interactive data in swarm robotics. In this paper, a brief review of the current studies on the applying blockchain to swarm robotics is given. In addition, a blockchain data protection …"
TREAD: privacy preserving incentivized connected vehicle mobility data storage on interplanetary-file-system-enabled blockchain,… We implemented TREAD on the open-source Hyperledger Fabric blockchain platform using trajectory data generated for 700 vehicles in a simulation environment well calibrated with …
An Authorization Framework for Preserving Privacy of Big Medical Data via Blockchain in Cloud Server,… data security and privacy preservation using blockchain … symmetric encryption and Ethereum blockchain platform. The … [18] using blockchain technology to achieve data privacy in …
A privacy-preserving data aggregation scheme with fault tolerance for smart grid based on blockchain,… privacy-preserving data aggregation scheme is proposed. The scheme is based on blockchain … All DCUs select a MN build a Merkle tree to form blockchain through improved PBFT …
Privacy-preserving Blockchain-based Global Data Sharing for Federated Learning with Non-IID Data,"… privacy issues in the pre-training process. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a novel solution that uses blockchain technology to realize small-scale global data … only guarantees data …"
A blockchain solution for privacy-preserving licensing of individual-owned data,… This thesis presents a design for a blockchain solution aimed at the prevention of unauthorized secondary use of personal data. The solution brings together advances from the fields of …
Provchain: A blockchain-based data provenance architecture in cloud environment with enhanced privacy and availability. In 2017 17th IEEE,
"Coloured Ring Confidential Transactions' In: Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology Sep. 6, 2018 (pp. 188-196)",
Decentralizing privacy: Using blockchain to protect personal data. in 2015 IEEE Security and Privacy Workshops. 2015,
A.'. Pentland. 2015. Decentralizing Privacy: Using Blockchain to Protect Personal Data,
"… , & S., Tosh, D.(2017). ProvChain: A Blockchain-based Data Provenance Architecture in Cloud Environment with Enhanced Privacy and Availability. IEEE",
"Blockchain: solving the privacy and research availability tradeoff for EHR data, Nov. 2017",
Big Data Based Smart Blockchain for Information Retrieval in Privacy-Preserving Healthcare System,… blockchain architecture. The integration of the ECC-based ring signature was considered to ensure maximized user data privacy with transparency in the blockchain … user data privacy …
"JH, & Hutchison, D.(2017). Data Privacy Management, Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain Technology (Vol. 10436)",
Decentralizing privacy: Using blockchain to protect personal data. In2015 IEEE Security and Privacy Workshops 2015 May 21 (pp. 180-184),
Alex 'Sandy'Pentland. Decentralizing Privacy: Using Blockchain to Protect Personal Data,
Alex'Sandy'Pentland (2015).„Decentralizing Privacy: Using Blockchain to Protect Personal Data “,
Sandy.(2015). Decentralizing privacy: Using Blockchain to protect personal data,
Blockchain-based medical data sharing and privacy-preserving eHealth system,
"… : a blockchain based privacy preserving platform for healthcare data. Paper presented at: Proceedings of the International Conference on Security, Privacy …",
BLOCKCHAIN AND AI ENABLE PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY,"… we aim at securing data by combining blockchain and AI together, and design a Secure Networking architecture (termed as SecNet) to significantly improve the security of data sharing, …"
"Preserving Anonymity, Data Integrity, and Data Privacy Using Blockchain in Education System","… In this paper, a protocol is introduced for an education system using blockchain technology that provides student data privacy, data integrity, and immutability of the data. The proposed …"
A Decentralized Data Privacy for Mobile Payment using Blockchain Technology,… transaction pattern using blockchain technology which overcomes … data server to preserve data privacy from adversaries. While transaction we directly transfer through the blockchain …
Review of blockchain data security management and privacy protection technology research,"… blockchain systems were outlined from four aspects: data storage security, data privacy security, data access security and data … directions of data security in blockchain were discussed. …"
Personal Data Collection and Using Blockchain to Protect Privacy,"… Throughout this paper, we have explored why and how important data privacy is and also … ‘Sandy’ Pentland proposed as a solution to our privacy issues. The system proposed will be …"
Healthchain: A Blockchain-based Privacy Preserving Scheme for Large-scale Health Data,"… lose control of their health data, which can easily result in privacy leakage and single-point … health data privacy preserving scheme based on blockchain technology, where health data …"
Privacy & Security in Healthcare Data in Cloud Storage using Blockchain,… data hindering. A few works that zeroed in on medical services information security dependent on blockchain … The table predicting the need of the privacy and security in the block chain. …
A traceable privacy‐aware data publishing platform on permissioned blockchain,"… blockchain data publishing platform with privacy-awake, every private blockchain server joining the consortium blockchain needs to be authorized by the consortium blockchain server. …"
A Privacy Preserving Scheme for Multicast Data Transmission of Electric Vehicles Based on Consortium Blockchain,"… , a privacy preserving scheme for multicast data transmission of electric vehicles based on consortium blockchain is proposed in this paper. This scheme ensures the privacy of data …"
Securing Privacy and Integrity of Patient's Data in Healthcare 4.0 by Countering Attack using Blockchain,"… presents blockchain features that are vital to achieve privacy and … This work presents blockchain as one of the concrete … In addition to security procedures, stringent laws of data privacy …"
… Relaying Schemes With Channel Estimation Errors................ Y. Zhou and Y. Chen 333 An Efficient Privacy-Friendly Hop-by-Hop Data Aggregation Scheme for …,… A New Privacy-Enhanced Technology for Fair Matchmaking With Identity Linked Wishes . . . . . . . D. Horne and S. … Improving Security and Privacy Attribute Based Data Sharing in …
Data privacy protection method for blockchain by using secret sharing,ken-system: Data privacy protection method for blockchain by using secret sharing … Data privacy protection method for blockchain by using secret sharing … Title (in English) Data …
"… ........ X. Yu, D. Zhan, L. Liu, H. Lv, L. Xu, and J. Du 1928 CP-BDHCA: Blockchain-Based Confidentiality-Privacy Preserving Big Data Scheme for Healthcare …",… SPECIAL ISSUES ON A SECURED AND PRIVACY-PRESERVED SMART HEALTH MONITORING AND IMPROVEMENT SYSTEM … On the Design of Blockchain-Based ECDSA With …
… by AUV: A Prior Data-Driven Strategy.................. D. Song and P. Yao 3185 A Privacy-Preserving Charging Scheme for Electric Vehicles Using Blockchain …,… 3185 A Privacy-Preserving Charging Scheme for Electric Vehicles Using Blockchain and Fog Computing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . … Two-Pass Privacy Preserving Authenticated Key Agreement …